feat: added documentation to the readme on how to start the libraries (#460)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-backend-libraries: README.md

## More information about Valtimo
For more information check the following links.
- Website: https://www.valtimo.nl
- Documentation: https://docs.valtimo.nl

## Getting started

> * Clone `https://github.com/valtimo-platform/valtimo-docker-profiles` and build the container for your desired edition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clone `https://github.com/valtimo-platform/valtimo-docker-profiles` and run the compose file for your desired edition
```

> * Then build the back-end libraries and run the gradle `bootRun` for your desired edition (for the gzac edition this is `app/gzac/application/bootRun`)

Reviewer: I believe running bootRun will also build the project. So running it separately is not neccasary.
